Add a metaTitle and a metaDescription to every doc pages (#233)
strapi/documentation: docs/user-docs/latest/getting-started/introduction.md

---
title: Strapi User Guide

> description: This user guide contains the functional documentation related to all features available in the admin panel of your Strapi application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Introduction to the Strapi user guide which contains the functional documentation related to all features available in the admin panel of your Strapi application.
```
